docs: Adding howto guides for CVEs/USN (#3116)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/fix_how_to_resolve_given_cve.rst

.. _pro-fix-resolve-cve:

How to resolve a specific CVE or USN
************************************

> In this guide, we will introduce the ``pro fix`` command and go into more details about the different scenarios you may encounter when using ``pro fix`` to resolve CVEs/USNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will introduce the ``pro fix`` command and show how you can use it to resolve CVEs/USNs.
```

.. note::

   If you are looking for a simpler guided tutorial to get started with
   ``pro fix``, please refer to the tutorial on
   :ref:`Using pro fix to solve a CVE/USN <pro-fix-tutorial>`.
   You can use the same VM-based environment created in that tutorial
   to recreate the output shown below yourself. If you have already completed the tutorial, you may want to :ref:`skip this section <CVE-no-fix>`.

Use ``pro fix``
===============

First, let's see what happens to your system when ``pro fix`` runs. 
Every ``pro fix`` output has a similar output structure. It:

* describes the CVE/USN;
* displays the affected packages;
* fixes the affected packages; and
* at the end, shows if the CVE/USN is fully fixed in the machine.

.. # The basic case is shared between Howto and Tutorial
.. include:: ../includes/pro-fix-simple-case.txt

> Success
> =======
> 
> Congratulations! You have successfully learned to resolve a CVE/USN on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: (This isn't needed for a how-to guide)

There might be other cases which you might encounter when using ``pro fix`` to resolve a CVE/USN. You can learn more about these cases in the guide detailing :ref:`Common scenarios encountered when using pro fix to solve a CVE/USN <pro-fix-howto>`.

Additional resources
--------------------

> We have successfully encountered and resolved the main scenarios that you might
> find when you run ``pro fix`` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
